Blood of Elves
Chapter 1: Jaskier sings stories of Ciri to audience at Bleobheris "Seat of Friendship" glade, Rience tortures Jaskier for information about Ciri, Yennefer saves Jaskier, Yennefer burns Rience's face as he flees, Yennefer tells Jaskier she refuses to help Geralt with raising Ciri unless invited, Ciri arrives at Kaer Morhen with Geralt.

Chapter 2: Triss meets Ciri/witchers at Kaer Morhen, Triss grows insecure about her past relationship with Geralt and feelings for him, Triss scolds the witchers for their lack of female sensitivity toward Ciri.

Chapter 3: Triss enters trance with Ciri, Triss confirms Ciri is a source and recommends Yennefer’s expertise, Triss recounts her trauma of Sodden Hill battle, Ciri continues sword training, Geralt/Ciri/Triss leave for Ellander.

Chapter 4: Triss falls ill on road through Kaedwen, Triss/Ciri/Geralt join up with Wenck/Yarpen’s caravan, Geralt recounts history of Aelirenn/Shaerawedd to Ciri, caravan is attacked by Scoia’tael, Wenck/Paulie are killed.

Chapter 5: [Time Jump] Geralt works on a river barge near Oxenfurt trying to lure Rience out, Geralt reads "Dear Friend" letter, Filippa/Dijkstra press Jaskier for Ciri’s location, Filippa warns Geralt/Shani/Jaskier about Ciri's powers.

Chapter 6: Kings/Meve agree to provoke Nilfgaard into war and to have Ciri killed, Emhyr orders Geralt killed, Vilgefortz calls for a conclave of the Brotherhood, Tissaia discovers Vilgefortz is tracking Yennefer and researching the Elder Blood, Rience attacks Geralt, Filippa lets Rience escape.

Chapter 7: Yennefer begins instructing Ciri in magic at the Temple of Melitele, Ciri asks Yennefer about her past relationships with Triss/Geralt, Ciri recounts her parents' deaths and her journey with Geralt after the Fall of Cintra, Ciri/Yennefer leave for Gors Velen.





Time of Contempt
Chapter 1: Codringher and Fenn (C&F) discuss with Geralt the Elder Blood prophecies/Rience’s master/sourcing a decoy Ciri, Geralt kills assassins that are following Yennefer in Anchor, royal messenger traveling to Aedirn is killed by Scoia'tael before delivering message to King Demavend.

Chapter 2: Ciri/Yennefer visit Giancardi Bank to withdraw Aretuza tuition money, Ciri kills wyvern in Gors Velen marketplace, Ciri is brought to Tissaia/Margarita/Yennefer for enrolment at Aretuza, Ciri escapes to Hirundum farm to see Geralt/Jaskier.

Chapter 3: Geralt/Yennefer attend Thanedd Conclave banquet, Geralt rejects Vilgefortz’s offer of partnership and to give up Ciri, Geralt/Yennefer in Aretuza profess love for each other and dream of their future together.

Chapter 4: C&F deduce Emhyr is seeking Ciri for the Elder Blood prophecy, Schirrú kills C&F, Filippa initiates coup, Tissaia removes magic blockade, Cahir/Rience/Scioa’tael attack Brotherhood, Ciri wounds Cahir and escapes into Tor Lara, Vilgefortz beats Geralt, Tissaia teleports wounded Geralt/Triss to Brokilon.

Chapter 5: [Time Jump] Jaskier recounts fall of Lyria/Aedirn to Geralt in Brokilon, Black Rayla holds off Nilfgaardian pursuers in Aedirn, Tissaia commits suicide, Fake Ciri arrives in Nilfgaard, Emhyr realizes betrayal and orders Cahir/Rience captured, Vilgefortz killed, and Ciri recovered.

Chapter 6: Ciri searches for water in Korath desert, Ihuarraquax arrives and helps Ciri find water, Ihuarraquax is poisoned by sand pincer creature, Ciri draws fire energy to heal Ihuarraquax, fire energy overwhelms Ciri, Ciri renounces chaos/conjuring powers to break free, Ihuarraquax leaves with unicorns, Trappers capture Ciri.

Chapter 7: Trappers take Ciri to inn in Glyswen and meet Nissirs with captive Kayleigh of the Rats, The Rats break out Kayleigh/Ciri, The Rats inaugurate Ciri as ‘Falka’, Mistle rapes Ciri after saving Ciri from rape by Kayleigh, Skellen orders Amarillo prefect to kill Ciri.









Baptism of Fire
Chapter 1: Milva recounts first meeting Geralt to Eithné at Col Serrai springs, Milva decides to join Geralt/Jaskier heading from Brokilon to Nilfgaard to rescue Ciri, Filippa convenes first Lodge of Sorceresses meeting.

Chapter 2: Milva saves Geralt/Jaskier from Nilfgaardian unit attack on hawkers, Geralt discovers Cahir trapped in hawker’s coffin, Nilfgaard/Verden defeat Brugge, company meets Zoltan/dwarves escorting refugees, Cahir tails behind company, company kills would-be marauders at cottage.

Chapter 3: Dwarves bury mystery wagon goods and split up, company meets Regis at Fen Carn cemetery, company bond over mandrake moonshine and party, Milva reveals feelings for Geralt to Zoltan, Ciri becomes established within the Rats gang.

Chapter 4: Company arrives in refugee camp and saves peasant girl from witch hunters, Nilfgaardian/Temerian forces attack and company is separated, Geralt/Jaskier are captured by Marshal Vissegerd.

Chapter 5: Assire recruits Fringilla to Lodge, Regis helps Geralt/Jaskier escape Vissegerd’s camp, Cahir/Nazarian reveal separately that Ciri is not in Nilfgaard, company agrees to head to druids of Caed Dhu for clues about Ciri.

Chapter 6: Francesca recruits Ida to Lodge, Francesca revives Yennefer from jade statuette and brings her to Lodge meeting, The Rats rob baron of Casadei's daughter, Lodge discusses Ciri's Elder Blood genealogy, Dijkstra/Emhyr discover Vilgefortz’s vivisection of women, Skellen hires Bonhart to kill Ciri, Fringilla helps Yennefer escape Lodge.

Chapter 7: Young Nimuë listens to legends of Geralt in future, company reunites with Zoltan's group, Zoltan gifts Geralt 'Sihil' sword and reveals they are thieves themselves, the companies part ways, Milva reveals pregnancy and miscarries, company/Lyrian Army defeat Nilfgaard at Red Port Bridge, Geralt is knighted by Meve.










The Tower of the Swallow
Chapter 1: [Chronologically before end of Chapter 10] Jarre/Triss/Nenneke fear for Ciri, Wild Hunt streaks across the sky during autumnal equinox, Vysogota finds Ciri in in Pereplut swamp and begins recording her vital signs until she wakes, Ciri begins recounting her story to Vysogota.

Chapter 2: The Rats get tattoos, Hotspurn tells Rats of Nilfgaard amnesty and Bonhart hunting them, Ciri leaves Mistle and travels with Hotspurn, Hotspurn is killed by Windsor Imbra’s gang, Ciri rides to Rats in Jealousy on Kelpie, Bonhart kills all Rats and takes Ciri prisoner.

Chapter 3: Hanza desert Lyrian Army, Triss searches for Yennefer in Bremervoord, Riverdell beekeepers reveal druids are in Loc Monduirn, Vattier agrees with Rience to trade Cahir for information about Skellen's whereabouts, Cantarella passes information to Lodge.

Chapter 4: Dacre Silifant forms hanza for Skellen in Maecht, Bonhart refuses to hand over Ciri to Baron of Casadei's men in Jealousy, Esterhazy gifts 'Zireael' sword to Ciri in Fano, Bonhart forces Ciri to kill in Houvenaghel’s fighting pit in Claremont.

Chapter 5: Prefect Fulko Artevelde introduces Geralt to prisoner Angoulême in Riedbrune and confirms druids are in Toussaint, Angoulême warns Geralt of Schirrú's trap in Belhaven, Geralt splits up hanza, Milva breaks up fist fight between Geralt/Cahir.

Chapter 6: Geralt/Angoulême/Cahir escape from both Nightingale/Schirrú and Free Slopes attacks at Belhaven mines, Angoulême rendezvouses with hanza in Toussaint, Cahir recounts Cintra/Thanedd events to Geralt in Mount Gorgon cave, Geralt meets Regis at knocker cave (Tir ná Béa Arainne).

Chapter 7: Avallac’h explains Lara Dorren Elder Blood eugenics program and foretells future to Geralt, Geralt rides on knocker to Caed Myrkvid and saves Reynart de Bois-Fresnes from Nightingale gang attack, flaminika/druids burn Nightingale/Schirrú alive.

Chapter 8: Dijkstra meets with Esterad Thyssen in Kovir, Esterad agrees to silently fund Redanian Army by selling Novigradian assets and releasing enemy combatants, Zuleyka passes information to Sheala de Tancarville in exchange for arranging marriage of Ciri to Tankred.

Chapter 9: [Chronologically during Chapter 4 of BoF] Crach an Craite brings Yennefer to Hindarsfjall to make megascope from Brisingamen Diamond, Lodge refuses to help Yennefer, Yennefer deduces Vilgefortz's lair from "Radcliffe Report" and sails into Sedna Abyss.

Chapter 10: Skellen catches Rience spying on their hanza in Unicorn, Bonhart arrives with Ciri, Vilgefortz speaks through xenogloss box and convinces all to join him, Kenna/Neratin Ceka help Ciri escape, Skellen wounds Ciri's face with Orion, [Time Jump] Vysogota dies.

Chapter 11: Vilgefortz beats and takes Yennefer to laboratory to reveal Ciri's location, Skellen’s hanza and Bonhart follow Ciri to Mil Trachta, Ciri kills Rience on Tarn Mira ice lake, Ciri escapes Bonhart into Tor Zireael, Avallac’h greets Ciri in Aen Elle world.








The Lady of the Lake
Chapter 1: [Chronologically before end of Chapter 12] Galahad arrives at lake and sees Ciri bathing and singing, Ciri refuses to give Galahad her sword, Ciri begins recounting her story to Galahad.

Chapter 2: Fisher King takes Condwiramurs to meet Nimuë at Inis Vitre island, Nimuë explains her obsession with legend of Ciri, Emhyr decides to marry fake Ciri, Vilgefortz/Bonhart/Skellen mock and attack Yennefer at Stygga Castle.

Chapter 3: Geralt carries out Witcher contracts in Toussaint, Fringilla attempts to "honey pot" Geralt for information for Lodge, Geralt becomes angry at Jaskier for leaving hanza to stay with Anna Henrietta.

Chapter 4: Geralt discovers Vilgefortz’s lair location by accidentally eavesdropping underneath Nilfgaardian conspirators’ meeting, Geralt feeds Fringilla false information of Vilgefortz's location, Geralt sends letter to Dijkstra of Vilgefortz's location via Jaskier, hanza leaves Toussaint.

Chapter 5: Avallac’h/Auberon/Eredin separately attempt to coerce Ciri into bearing a child with Auberon, Auberon is poisoned by Eredin and dies, Ihuarraquax shows Ciri Aen Elle's deceit, Unicorns help Ciri escape.

Chapter 6: Jarre joins Melfi/Pike’s gang/landsknechts traveling to Vizima to enlist in army, Jarre meet Dennis Cranmer/Zoltan/Yarpen, Cranmer disillusions Jarre to realities of war, Jarre is posted to PFI.

Chapter 7: Ciri visits different eras of space/time, Ciri sees young Nimuë in past, Ihuarraquax fends off Red Riders on the Spiral, Ciri inadvertently brings Black Plague flea to Witcher world, Nimuë creates portal for Ciri to travel to Stygga Castle.

Chapter 8: Rusty/Shani/Marti/Iola II set up field hospital tent at Brenna battlefield, Nilfgaardian scouts fail to see Northern reinforcements, Nilfgaard loses battle, Field Marshal Coehoorn is killed in retreat by dwarves.

Chapter 9: Ciri/hanza arrive separately at Stygga Castle, Geralt frees Yennefer, hanza/Bonhart/Vilgefortz are killed, Emhyr arrives and arrests Skellen, Emhyr reveals identity/history with Vilgefortz, Emhyr and leaves Ciri with Geralt/Yennefer.

Chapter 10: Lodge/kingdoms meet for Peace of Cintra negotiations, Catriona Plague breaks out, Skellen sentenced to death, Dijkstra confronts Filippa about Vizimir's assassination, Faoiltiarna/Dijkstra flee the North and join Boreas Mun.

Chapter 11: Ciri travels through Ebbing with Geralt/Yennefer for closure, Geralt/Ciri take Jaskier from stay of execution in Toussaint toward Rivia, Yennefer takes Ciri to Lodge meeting in Vengerberg, Lodge reveals plan for Ciri and votes to allow Ciri to see Geralt in Rivia one last time.

Chapter 12: Pogrom breaks out in Elm and Geralt is killed, Yennefer/Triss/Ciri arrive, Yennefer dies trying to heal Geralt, Ciri/Ihuarraquax take Geralt and Yennefer to Malus Island by boat, [Time Jump] Ciri rides with Galahad back to Camelot.